README.md, before:

# Roam

A Roku remote that puts users first

## TODO

- Prepare for AppStore
    - Get AppIcon from Maggie if she wants to
    - Update color scheme after getting app icon
    - Get screenshots from multiple devices, widgets
    - Get presentation images from Fiverr (or procreate?)
- Bugs
    - On iOS, when volume zero, volume down press doesn't work to change roku volume
        - Need an approach like this https://developer.apple.com/forums/thread/649183 to sync phone audio with device audio
    - Sometimes I get a big delay with sent keys and then they all queue up and blast through after they aren't relevant anymore
        - Either use ECPSession for button presses

## License

&copy; 2023 Scott Driggers.

This project is licensed under either of

- [Apache License, Version 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0) ([`LICENSE-APACHE`](LICENSE-APACHE))
- [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) ([`LICENSE-MIT`](LICENSE-MIT))

at your option.

The [SPDX](https://spdx.dev) license identifier for this project is `MIT OR Apache-2.0`.

Commit message:

Switching to ECP for buttons

README.md, after:

# Roam

A Roku remote that puts users first

## TODO: Get 

## Features

- Runs on Mac, iPhone, iPad, and apple watch!
- Smart platform integration with keyboard shortcuts on Mac, using hardware volume buttons to control TV Volume on iOS
- Use shortcuts and widgets to control your TV without ever opening the app!
- Private listening support on Mac and iOS (play the audio from your TV through your headphones)
- Discovers devices on your local network as soon as you open the app
- Intuitive design with apple's native SwiftUI design system
- Fast and lightweight -- less than 6 MB on iOS and opens in less than half a second!

## How to Use

- Open in xcode 15
- Run in iOS, macOS, or watchOS

--- or ---

- Download on the app store [here](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/roam/6469834197)

## License

&copy; 2023 Scott Driggers.

This project is licensed under either of

- [Apache License, Version 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0) ([`LICENSE-APACHE`](LICENSE-APACHE))
- [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) ([`LICENSE-MIT`](LICENSE-MIT))

at your option.

The [SPDX](https://spdx.dev) license identifier for this project is `MIT OR Apache-2.0`.
