## About Roam

Roam offers everything you want and nothing you don't

-   Runs on Mac, iPhone, iPad, and apple watch!
-   Smart platform integration with keyboard shortcuts on Mac and keyboard/volume control on iOS
-   Use shortcuts, widgets or Siri to control your TV without ever opening the app!
-   Private listening support on Mac and iOS (play the audio from your TV through your headphones)
-   Discovers devices on your local network as soon as you open the app
-   Intuitive design with apple's native SwiftUI design system
-   Fast and lightweight -- less than 6 MB on iOS and opens in less than half a second!
-   Open source (https://github.com/msdrigg/roam)

## FAQ

- What can I do if Roam doesn't auto-discover my TV
    - [See here](/manually-add-tv)
- Why doesn't private-listening work on my TV?
    - Private listening currently isn't working on some TV's. If private listening doesn't work with Roam, but works with the official Roku app, please share your Roku's model name and any other relevant information in an email to [roam-support@msd3.io](mailto:roam-support@msd3.io).  Your report will help me figure out where to look when trying to fix this bug.
- What if I have another problem
    - First generate a bug report. Go into settings and click "Generate bug report". Wait for the report to finish, and copy down the report ID that it provides. If it shows an error instead of an ID, continue to the next step.
    - Then send an email to [roam-support@msd3.io](mailto:roam-support@msd3.io). Describe your issue and include the ID generated by your report.


## Other Resources

If you have any questions or issues, please contact us at: [roam-support@msd3.io](mailto:roam-support@msd3.io)

-   [Privacy Policy](/privacy)
-   [Core Repository on GitHub](https://github.com/msdrigg/roam)
-   [Download on the app store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/roam/6469834197)
-   [Roadmap](/upcoming-work)
