docs/upcoming-work.md, before:

# Upcoming Roam Updates

- Update Info/status management to better handle volatile state
    - On disconnect, select, button click, move to foreground, app opened -> Restart reconnect loop if disconnected
    - Reconnect loop is to exponentially backoff retrying failing connections (0.5s, double, 10s backoff)
    - Reconnect loop = Backing off Exponentially attempt to reconnect to reconnect ECP
        - Reconnect ECP first
        - Listen to notify second
            - Handle +power-mode-changed,+textedit-opened,+textedit-changed,+textedit-closed,+device-name-changed
            - Make sure we can handle each of these requests and their format…
        - Refresh device state third
        - Refresh query-textedit-state fourth
            - Update textedit state
        - Refresh device icons fifth
    - On all changes after reconnecting (through notify or anything)
        - Update Device (stored) and DeviceState (voilatile)
    - After reconnecting/disconnecting, update online status in remote view
- Update device settings view
    - On !watchOS show capsule badges for supported features (supports private listening, supports volume control) OR unsupported features on the list UI
    - On all views, in the list of settings/information, show support private listening (y/n), can support volume controls (With headphones, datagram, …), can’t support headphones with …, unknown modes: …
    - On all views add a “No Training Wheels Mode” toggle
        - Allow clicking buttons that the devices says it doesn’t support
- Update user notification
    - When clicking on a disabled button, open popover to show why it’s disabled
        - Show a info indicator on the button to indicate that information can be received when it’s clicked?
        - Private listening disabled -> because device doesn’t support private-listening to this app
        - Volume control disabled -> because the audio is outputting over HDMI which does not support volume controls
    - When connected to the device, always disable the network warnings
    - When trying to connect to the device, show spinning information icon instead of gray dot
    - When trying to power on the device, also show a spinning information icon
    - When powering on the device and succeeding, show an animation on transition from gray -> spinning -> green
    - When powering on the device with WOL and not connecting after 5 seconds, or when powering on the device and immediately failing, show a warning message underneath the wifi one
        - “We weren’t able to wake your Roku” (Find out more) (Don’t show again for this device), (X)
        - Find out more shows some reasons why
            - You aren’t connected to the same network (Show last device network name. Ask if the user is connected to this network)
            - Your device is in deep sleep (wasn’t powered down recently) and can’t be woken up
                - Your device doesn’t support WWOL and is connected to wifi
                - Your device doesn’t support WWOL or WOL
            - Your network isn’t setup in a way to allow us to send wakeup commands to the device
    - When actively scanning for devices and no new ones are found show a warning message underneath the device list
        - “We weren’t able to wake your Roku” (Find out why), (X)
        - Find out more shows a popup with some reasons why this may be happening
            - The device is turned off (we can’t discover a device that isn’t turned on)
            - You aren’t connected to the same network (Can we show the device network name?)
            - You are connected to a cellular connection
            - Suggest manually adding a device
            - Link to this article to see more troubleshooting https://support.roku.com/article/115001480188
        - Dismiss when tv connects
- Update keyboard handling (All but macOS)
    - Show keyboard when textedit is opened
    - Hide keyboard when textedit closed
    - If ecp-textedit is supported, allow selecting, deleting text and moving cursor. Just re-send text each time it changes if this is supported.


Keyboard ECP Session Commands (notes)

```
- {"request":"request-events","request-id":"4","param-events":"+language-changed,+language-changing,+media-player-state-changed,+plugin-ui-run,+plugin-ui-run-script,+plugin-ui-exit,+screensaver-run,+screensaver-exit,+plugins-changed,+sync-completed,+power-mode-changed,+volume-changed,+tvinput-ui-run,+tvinput-ui-exit,+tv-channel-changed,+textedit-opened,+textedit-changed,+textedit-closed,+textedit-closed,+ecs-microphone-start,+ecs-microphone-stop,+device-name-changed,+device-location-changed,+audio-setting-changed,+audio-settings-invalidated"}
    - {"notify":"textedit-opened","param-masked":"false","param-max-length":"75","param-selection-end":"0","param-selection-start":"0","param-text":"","param-textedit-id":"12","param-textedit-type":"full","timestamp":"608939.003"}
- {"request":"query-textedit-state","request-id":"10"}
    - {"content-data":"eyJ0ZXh0ZWRpdC1zdGF0ZSI6eyJ0ZXh0ZWRpdC1pZCI6Im5vbmUifX0=","content-type":"application/json; charset=\"utf-8\"","response":"query-textedit-state","response-id":"10","status":"200","status-msg":"OK"}
- {"param-text":"h","param-textedit-id":"12","request":"set-textedit-text","request-id":"20"}
    - {"response":"set-textedit-text","response-id":"29","status":"200","status-msg":"OK"}
```

Commit message:

Updating private listening -> headphones mode + adding badge for private listening support

docs/upcoming-work.md, after:

# Upcoming Roam Updates

- Update Info/status management to better handle volatile state
    - On disconnect, select, button click, move to foreground, app opened -> Restart reconnect loop if disconnected
    - Reconnect loop is to exponentially backoff retrying failing connections (0.5s, double, 10s backoff)
    - Reconnect loop = Backing off Exponentially attempt to reconnect to reconnect ECP
        - Reconnect ECP first
        - Listen to notify second
            - Handle +power-mode-changed,+textedit-opened,+textedit-changed,+textedit-closed,+device-name-changed
            - Make sure we can handle each of these requests and their format…
        - Refresh device state third
        - Refresh query-textedit-state fourth
            - Update textedit state
        - Refresh device icons fifth
    - On all changes after reconnecting (through notify or anything)
        - Update Device (stored) and DeviceState (voilatile)
    - After reconnecting/disconnecting, update online status in remote view
- Update user messaging when errors may occur
    - When clicking on a disabled button, open popover to show why it’s disabled
        - Show a info indicator on the button to indicate that information can be received when it’s clicked?
        - Headphones mode disabled -> because device doesn’t support headphones mode to this app
        - Volume control disabled -> because the audio is outputting over HDMI which does not support volume controls?
    - When connected to the device, always disable the network warnings
    - When trying to connect to the device, or trying to power on the device, show spinning information icon instead of gray dot
    - When powering on the device and succeeding, show an animation on transition from gray -> spinning -> green
    - When powering on the device with WOL and not connecting after 5 seconds, or when powering on the device and immediately failing, show a warning message underneath the wifi one
        - “We weren’t able to wake your Roku” (Find out more) (Don’t show again for this device), (X)
        - Find out more shows some reasons why
            - You aren’t connected to the same network (Show last device network name. Ask if the user is connected to this network)
            - Your device is in deep sleep (wasn’t powered down recently) and can’t be woken up
                - Your device doesn’t support WWOL and is connected to wifi
                - Your device doesn’t support WWOL or WOL
            - Your network isn’t setup in a way to allow us to send wakeup commands to the device
    - When actively scanning for devices and no new ones are found show a warning message underneath the device list
        - “We weren’t able to wake your Roku” (Find out why), (X)
        - Find out more shows a popup with some reasons why this may be happening
            - Make sure your device is powered on and connected to the same wifi network as your app. If this still doesn't work, try adding the device manually.
            - Link https://roam.msd3.io/manually-add-tv.md and https://support.roku.com/article/115001480188 for more troubleshooting 
- Update keyboard handling to support ecp-textedit (All but macOS)
    - Show keyboard when textedit is opened
    - Hide keyboard when textedit closed
    - If ecp-textedit is supported, allow selecting, deleting text and moving cursor. Just re-send text each time it changes if this is supported.


Keyboard ECP Session Commands (notes)

```
- {"request":"request-events","request-id":"4","param-events":"+language-changed,+language-changing,+media-player-state-changed,+plugin-ui-run,+plugin-ui-run-script,+plugin-ui-exit,+screensaver-run,+screensaver-exit,+plugins-changed,+sync-completed,+power-mode-changed,+volume-changed,+tvinput-ui-run,+tvinput-ui-exit,+tv-channel-changed,+textedit-opened,+textedit-changed,+textedit-closed,+textedit-closed,+ecs-microphone-start,+ecs-microphone-stop,+device-name-changed,+device-location-changed,+audio-setting-changed,+audio-settings-invalidated"}
    - {"notify":"textedit-opened","param-masked":"false","param-max-length":"75","param-selection-end":"0","param-selection-start":"0","param-text":"","param-textedit-id":"12","param-textedit-type":"full","timestamp":"608939.003"}
- {"request":"query-textedit-state","request-id":"10"}
    - {"content-data":"eyJ0ZXh0ZWRpdC1zdGF0ZSI6eyJ0ZXh0ZWRpdC1pZCI6Im5vbmUifX0=","content-type":"application/json; charset=\"utf-8\"","response":"query-textedit-state","response-id":"10","status":"200","status-msg":"OK"}
- {"param-text":"h","param-textedit-id":"12","request":"set-textedit-text","request-id":"20"}
    - {"response":"set-textedit-text","response-id":"29","status":"200","status-msg":"OK"}
```
